README.md, before:

# cautious-octo-goggles

## UAT "Designing Website Interfaces" Class Repository

### Projects:

- Practice Website
  - Objective was to create a very basic website in HTML, CSS, and JS, to review and practice concepts taught in previous class (Beginning Website Interfaces).
- Slideshow
  - Objective was to create a simple slideshow in HTML, CSS, and JS, using primarily JS for functionality and handling image data via an Array Data Structure.
- Checkers Game
  - Objective was to create a simple Checkers game in HTML, CSS, and JS. The only requirement was styling and ensuring the user can move pieces on the board one square at a time. I added more functionality than was required, but could not finish the game due to a very short deadline.
- Daily Task Manager
  - Objective was to create a very basic web app in HTML, CSS, and JS, that incorporates the following:
    - Handles 3 distinct events.
    - Write 3 different functions to handle the 3 distinct events.
    - Include a for loop and an array.
    - Comment the code.

---

Commit message:

Remove images and update README.md

README.md, after:

# cautious-octo-goggles

## UAT "Designing Website Interfaces" Class Repository

### Projects:

- Practice Website
  - Objective was to create a very basic website in HTML, CSS, and JS, to review and practice concepts taught in previous class (Beginning Website Interfaces).
- Slideshow
  - Objective was to create a simple slideshow in HTML, CSS, and JS, using primarily JS for functionality and handling image data via an Array Data Structure.
- Checkers Game
  - Objective was to create a simple Checkers game in HTML, CSS, and JS. The only requirement was styling and ensuring the user can move pieces on the board one square at a time. I added more functionality than was required, but could not finish the game due to a very short deadline.
- Daily Task Manager
  - Objective was to create a very basic web app in HTML, CSS, and JS, that incorporates the following:
    - Handles 3 distinct events.
    - Write 3 different functions to handle the 3 distinct events.
    - Include a for loop and an array.
    - Comment the code.
- Baby Activity Tracking & Diary App
  - Objective was to create a final project in HTML, CSS, and JS, that incorporates all of the concepts learned in class. The app uses local storage to persist data until deleted by the user.
- NOTE: If your a student, feel free to use the code and make any changes as you see fit. You will need to add your own images, I removed them from the repository due to limits imposed by GitHub.

---
